

Principle 1: Primacy of Principles
Statement:These principles of information management apply to all organizations within the enterprise.Rationale:The only way we can provide a consistent and measurable level of quality information to decision-makers is if all organizations abide by the principles.Implications:
##Without this principle, exclusions, favoritism, and inconsistency would rapidly undermine the management of information.
##Information management initiatives will not begin until they are examined for compliance with the principles.
##A conflict with a principle will be resolved by changing the framework of the initiative.




Principle 5: Common Use Applications
Statement:Development of applications used across the enterprise is preferred over the development of similar or duplicative applications which are only provided to a particular organization.Rationale:Duplicative capability is expensive and proliferates conflicting data.Implications:
##Organizations which depend on a capability which does not serve the entire enterprise must change over to the replacement enterprise-wide capability. This will require establishment of and adherence to a policy requiring this.
##Organizations will not be allowed to develop capabilities for their own use which are similar/duplicative of enterprise-wide capabilities. In this way, expenditures of scarce resources to develop essentially the same capability in marginally different ways will be reduced.
##Data and information used to support enterprise decision-making will be standardized to a much greater extent than previously. This is because the smaller, organizational capabilities which produced different data (which was not shared among other organizations) will be replaced by enterprise-wide capabilities. The impetus for adding to the set of enterprise-wide capabilities may well come from an organization making a convincing case for the value of the data/information previously produced by its organizational capability, but the resulting capability will become part of the enterprise-wide system, and the data it produces will be shared across the enterprise.


Principle 13: Data Trustee
Statement:Each data element has a trustee accountable for data quality.Rationale:One of the benefits of an architected environment is the ability to share data (e.g., text, video, sound, etc.) across the enterprise. As the degree of data sharing grows and business units rely upon common information, it becomes essential that only the data trustee makes decisions about the content of data. Since data can lose its integrity when it is entered multiple times, the data trustee will have sole responsibility for data entry which eliminates redundant human effort and data storage resources.  Note:A trustee is different than a steward - a trustee is responsible for accuracy and currency of the data, while responsibilities of a steward may be broader and include data standardization and definition tasks.Implications:
##Real trusteeship dissolves the data "ownership" issues and allows the data to be available to meet all users' needs. This implies that a cultural change from data "ownership" to data "trusteeship" may be required.
##The data trustee will be responsible for meeting quality requirements levied upon the data for which the trustee is accountable.
##It is essential that the trustee has the ability to provide user confidence in the data based upon attributes such as "data source".
##It is essential to identify the true source of the data in order that the data authority can be assigned this trustee responsibility. This does not mean that classified sources will be revealed nor does it mean the source will be the trustee.
##Information should be captured electronically once and immediately validated as close to the source as possible. Quality control measures must be implemented to ensure the integrity of the data.
##As a result of sharing data across the enterprise, the trustee is accountable and responsible for the accuracy and currency of their designated data element(s) and, subsequently, must then recognize the importance of this trusteeship responsibility.


Principle 14: Common Vocabulary and Data Definitions
Statement:Data is defined consistently throughout the enterprise, and the definitions are understandable and available to all users.Rationale:The data that will be used in the development of applications must have a common definition throughout the Headquarters to enable sharing of data. A common vocabulary will facilitate communications and enable dialog to be effective. In addition, it is required to interface systems and exchange data.Implications:
##We are lulled into thinking that this issue is adequately addressed because there are people with "data administration" job titles and forums with charters implying responsibility. Significant additional energy and resources must be committed to this task. It is key to the success of efforts to improve the information environment. This is separate from but related to the issue of data element definition, which is addressed by a broad community - this is more like a common vocabulary and definition.
##The enterprise must establish the initial common vocabulary for the business. The definitions will be used uniformly throughout the enterprise.
##Whenever a new data definition is required, the definition effort will be co-ordinated and reconciled with the corporate "glossary" of data descriptions. The enterprise data administrator will provide this co-ordination.
##Ambiguities resulting from multiple parochial definitions of data must give way to accepted enterprise-wide definitions and understanding.
##Multiple data standardization initiatives need to be co-ordinated.
##Functional data administration responsibilities must be assigned.
//ye 


Principle 15: Data Security
Statement:Data is protected from unauthorized use and disclosure. In addition to the traditional aspects of national security classification, this includes, but is not limited to, protection of pre-decisional, sensitive, source selection-sensitive, and proprietary information.Rationale:Open sharing of information and the release of information via relevant legislation must be balanced against the need to restrict the availability of classified, proprietary, and sensitive information. 
Existing laws and regulations require the safeguarding of national security and the privacy of data, while permitting free and open access. Pre-decisional (work-in-progress, not yet authorized for release) information must be protected to avoid unwarranted speculation, misinterpretation, and inappropriate use.
Implications:
##Aggregation of data, both classified and not, will create a large target requiring review and de-classification procedures to maintain appropriate control. Data owners and/or functional users must determine whether the aggregation results in an increased classification level. We will need appropriate policy and procedures to handle this review and de-classification. Access to information based on a need-to-know policy will force regular reviews of the body of information.
##The current practice of having separate systems to contain different classifications needs to be rethought. Is there a software solution to separating classified and unclassified data? The current hardware solution is unwieldy, inefficient, and costly. It is more expensive to manage unclassified data on a classified system. Currently, the only way to combine the two is to place the unclassified data on the classified system, where it must remain.
##In order to adequately provide access to open information while maintaining secure information, security needs must be identified and developed at the data level, not the application level.
##Data security safeguards can be put in place to restrict access to "view only", or "never see". Sensitivity labeling for access to pre-decisional, decisional, classified, sensitive, or proprietary information must be determined.
##Security must be designed into data elements from the beginning; it cannot be added later. Systems, data, and technologies must be protected from unauthorized access and manipulation. Headquarters information must be safeguarded against inadvertent or unauthorized alteration, sabotage, disaster, or disclosure.
##Need new policies on managing duration of protection for pre-decisional information and other works-in-progress, in consideration of content freshness.

